[Docs] Local docker development (#2992)
nuclio/nuclio: docs/devel/local-docker-development.md

# Development setup for running Nuclio services in docker

> This guide will guide you through setting up Nuclio services inside docker on your local machine. This is slower than running them locally (see [local-development.md](local-development.md)), but is easier to set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will guide you through running the Nuclio services locally using docker, so they will contain your changes when developing in Nuclio.
This is helpful for testing out code changes in a docker environment before committing them.

If you want to be able to debug the actual components locally, see [local-development.md](local-development.md).
```

## Prerequisites

Ensure that your setup includes the following prerequisite components:

- Linux or OSX
- Docker version 19.03+
- make

## Building

> Run `make build` to build all necessary docker images. If you change parts of the application and need to rebuild some components, you don't need to re-run `make build`: you can also re-build the components that you changed, e.g. with `make dashboard`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `make build` to build all necessary docker images. 
If you change parts of the application and need to rebuild only specific components, you don't need to re-run `make build`: you can also re-build the components that you changed, e.g. with `make dashboard` / `make controller`.
```

## Running

To execute the dashboard, execute the following script:

```sh
if [[ $(uname -m) -eq "arm64" ]]; then
  ARCH="arm64"
else
  ARCH="amd64"
fi

COMMAND="docker run \
    --rm -p 8070:8070 \
    -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
    --name nuclio-dashboard \
    -e NUCLIO_DASHBOARD_NO_PULL_BASE_IMAGES='true' \
    quay.io/nuclio/dashboard:latest-$ARCH"

eval "$COMMAND"
```

You can now access the dashboard by opening `localhost:8000` in a browser.

> Note: if you want to use `nuctl`, you need to add `--platform local` to every command (or `export NUCTL_PLATFORM="local"`).

Reviewer: While you're at it, it's worth mentioning that when working on `nuctl`, you can also build the nuctl binary locally with `make nuctl`, where it is also possible to pass your local architecture with `NUCLIO_ARCH=amd64 / arm64`.

An example usage would also be nice.

Author: Hi, thanks for the suggestions! I have added a paragraph about `nuctl`, hope it fits.
What kind of example usage would you like to add? Something like showing how to deploy/call a helloworld function?

Reviewer: Actually just a link to the nuctl doc should suffice - https://github.com/nuclio/nuclio/blob/development/docs/reference/nuctl/nuctl.md

This is helpful for testing out code changes in a docker environment before committing them.

If you want to be able to debug the actual components locally, see [local-development.md](local-development.md).

## Prerequisites

Ensure that your setup includes the following prerequisite components:

- Linux or OSX
- Docker version 19.03+
- make

## Building

Run `make build` to build all necessary docker images. 
If you change parts of the application and need to rebuild only specific components, you don't need to re-run `make build`: you can also re-build the components that you changed, e.g. with `make dashboard` / `make controller`.

## Running

To execute the dashboard, execute the following script:

```sh
if [[ $(uname -m) -eq "arm64" ]]; then
  ARCH="arm64"
else
  ARCH="amd64"
fi

COMMAND="docker run \
    --rm -p 8070:8070 \
    -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
    --name nuclio-dashboard \
    -e NUCLIO_DASHBOARD_NO_PULL_BASE_IMAGES='true' \
    quay.io/nuclio/dashboard:latest-$ARCH"

eval "$COMMAND"
```

You can now access the dashboard by opening `localhost:8000` in a browser.

> Note: if you want to use `nuctl`, you need to add `--platform local` to every command (or `export NUCTL_PLATFORM="local"`).
> You can build `nuctl` locally by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: if you want to use `nuctl`, you need to add `--platform local` to every command (or `export NUCTL_PLATFORM="local"`). See more in [Nuctl](../reference/nuctl/nuctl.md).

If you're changing code in nuctl, you can build a `nuctl` binary locally by running:
```
